docs(tutorials): k8s multi-az-terraform and kapsule (#2266)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/k8s-kapsule-multi-az/index.mdx

    }
    ```

3. Now create a dedicated VPC and a Private Network where we will deploy the Kapsule cluster. VPC and Private Networks are region-wide, so you can use them to host a cluster spreading across multiple availability zones.
    ```
    resource "scaleway_vpc" "vpc_multi_az" {
        name = "vpc-multi-az"
        tags = ["multi-az"]
    }

    resource "scaleway_vpc_private_network" "pn_multi_az" {
        name   = "pn-multi-az"
        vpc_id = scaleway_vpc.vpc_multi_az.id
        tags   = ["multi-az"]
    }
    ```

4. Add the Kapsule cluster and the three pools, each in a different availability zone but in the same Private Network, to effectively make the cluster multi-AZ.
Refer to the Scaleway Terraform provider documentation for available [Kapsule parameters](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_cluster).
- `scaleway_k8s_cluster` requires no specific configuration for the multi-AZ mode.
- The [pools configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_pool) `scaleway_k8s_pool` will get a `zone` parameter that allows placing each one in a different availability zone.

> For the [pools configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_pool) it's the `zone` parameter that allows placing each one in a different availability zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

duplicate of line above ?

            "fr-par-3" = "PRO2-XXS"
        }

        name                   = "pool-${each.key}"
        zone                   = each.key
        tags                   = ["multi-az"]
        cluster_id             = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.id
        node_type              = each.value
        size                   = 2
        min_size               = 2
        max_size               = 3
        autoscaling            = true
        autohealing            = true
        container_runtime      = "containerd"
        root_volume_size_in_gb = 32
    }
    ```

5. Initialize your Terraform configuration and apply it to create your resources.
    ```
    terraform init
    terraform apply
    ```

6. To access the Kapsule cluster with `kubectl` you need a `kubeconfig` file, with the address of the cluster and the credentials. You can use the CLI to retrieve and use it.
    ```
    terraform output kapsule
    "fr-par/[CLUSTER-ID]"

    scw k8s kubeconfig install [CLUSTER-ID]
    kubectl config use-context [CONTEXT]
    ```

7. List your nodes now to check that your cluster is ready, and that there are two nodes per availability zone.

>     ```
> 
> 8. List your nodes now to check that your cluster is ready, and that there are two nodes per availability zone.
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
```

duplication

        dns_zone = data.scaleway_domain_zone.multi_az.id
        name     = "ingress"
        type     = "A"
        data     = kubernetes_service.nginx["fr-par-1"].status[0].load_balancer[0].ingress[0].ip
        ttl      = 60

        http_service {
            ips = [
                kubernetes_service.nginx["fr-par-1"].status[0].load_balancer[0].ingress[0].ip,
                kubernetes_service.nginx["fr-par-2"].status[0].load_balancer[0].ingress[0].ip,
            ]
            must_contain = "up"
            url          = "http://ingress.scw.yourdomain.tld/up"
            user_agent   = "scw_dns_healthcheck"
            strategy     = "all"
        }
    }
    ```

6. Apply your configuration and wait for the deployment to be ready.
    ```
    terraform apply
    ```

7. Check now that your nginx deployment is running and that the pods are distributed across the different node pools in the different AZs.
    ```
    kubectl get pods -n ingress-nginx -o wide

    NAME                                        READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE   IP             NODE                                             NOMINATED NODE   READINESS GATES

>     ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-4wbtj   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.7.201   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-f5fffdf8850   <none>           <none>
>     ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-cgvt2   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.10.76   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-d789344a19f   <none>           <none>
>     ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-hkq44   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.9.233   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-81a617619a2   <none>           <none>
>     ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-mg9vp   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.6.210   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-6a2bfac42c4   <none>           <none>
>     ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-mzc5q   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.11.78   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-a52b66475a1   <none>           <none>
>     ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-xmqm9   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.8.164   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-9f0befca9c9   <none>           <none>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-hkq44   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.9.233   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-61e22198f8c   <none>           <none>
    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-mzc5q   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.11.78   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-8334e772ced   <none>           <none>
    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-cgvt2   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.10.76   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-1bcf90f3683   <none>           <none>
    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-xmqm9   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.8.164   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-33265e85597   <none>           <none>
    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-4wbtj   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.7.201   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-44b14b7bbbd   <none>           <none>
    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-mg9vp   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.6.210   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-863491657c7   <none>           <none>
```

I reused the node names from the get node above for consistency

1. For this new section, create a new Terraform file `elasticsearch.tf`. Deploying a clustered application commonly implies a more complex deployment logic. For Elasticsearch and Kibana, this logic is managed by ECK, the Elasticsearch operator for Kubernetes. It will be in charge of creating Elasticsearch nodes and configuring them to make a cluster. It will also automatically configure Kibana to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. So the first thing to do is to deploy the ECK operator using its chart with the Helm provider.
    ```

>     resource "helm_release" "eck" {
>     name      = "elastic-operator"
>     namespace = "elastic-system"
> 
>     create_namespace = true
> 
>     repository = "https://helm.elastic.co"
>     chart      = "eck-operator"
> 
>     depends_on = [helm_release.nginx_ingress]
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    resource "helm_release" "eck" {
        name      = "elastic-operator"
        namespace = "elastic-system"

        create_namespace = true

        repository = "https://helm.elastic.co"
        chart      = "eck-operator"

        depends_on = [helm_release.nginx_ingress]
    }
```

    ```

2. Now we create a namespace to deploy your Elasticsearch cluster and Kibana instance. We use the `depends_on` parameter to make sure that the namespace is created after the ECK operator, so the Elasticsearch and Kibana CRDs are available before we try to create them.
    ```

>     resource "kubernetes_namespace" "elasticsearch" {
>     metadata {
>         name = "elasticsearch"
>     }
> 
>     depends_on = [helm_release.eck]
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        resource "kubernetes_namespace" "elasticsearch" {
        metadata {
            name = "elasticsearch"
        }

        depends_on = [helm_release.eck]
    }
```

    ```

>     resource "kubectl_manifest" "elasticsearch" {
>     yaml_body = <<YAML
>     apiVersion: "elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/v1"
>     kind: "Elasticsearch"
>     metadata:
>     name: "multi-az"
>     namespace: "${kubernetes_namespace.elasticsearch.metadata[0].name}"
>     annotations:
>         "eck.k8s.elastic.co/downward-node-labels": "topology.kubernetes.io/zone"
>     spec:
>     version: "8.10.2"
>     nodeSets:
>     - name: "default"
>         count: 3
>         volumeClaimTemplates:
>         - metadata:
>             name: "elasticsearch-data"
>         spec:
>             accessModes:
>             - "ReadWriteOnce"
>             resources:
>             requests:
>                 storage: "1Gi"
>             storageClassName: "scw-bssd"
>         config:
>         node.attr.zone: "$${ZONE}"
>         cluster.routing.allocation.awareness.attributes: "k8s_node_name,zone"
>         node.store.allow_mmap: false
>         podTemplate:
>         spec:
>             containers:
>             - name: "elasticsearch"
>             env:
>             - name: "ZONE"
>                 valueFrom:
>                 fieldRef:
>                     fieldPath: "metadata.annotations['topology.kubernetes.io/zone']"
>             topologySpreadConstraints:
>             - maxSkew: 1
>             topologyKey: "topology.kubernetes.io/zone"
>             whenUnsatisfiable: "DoNotSchedule"
>             labelSelector:
>                 matchLabels:
>                 "elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name": "multi-az"
>                 "elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/statefulset-name": "multi-az-es-default"
>     YAML
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    resource "kubectl_manifest" "elasticsearch" {
      yaml_body = <<YAML
    apiVersion: "elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/v1"
    kind: "Elasticsearch"
    metadata:
      name: "multi-az"
      namespace: "${kubernetes_namespace.elasticsearch.metadata[0].name}"
      annotations:
        "eck.k8s.elastic.co/downward-node-labels": "topology.kubernetes.io/zone"
    spec:
      version: "8.10.2"
      nodeSets:
      - name: "default"
        count: 3
        volumeClaimTemplates:
        - metadata:
            name: "elasticsearch-data"
          spec:
            accessModes:
            - "ReadWriteOnce"
            resources:
              requests:
                storage: "1Gi"
            storageClassName: "scw-bssd"
        config:
          node.attr.zone: "$${ZONE}"
          cluster.routing.allocation.awareness.attributes: "k8s_node_name,zone"
          node.store.allow_mmap: false
        podTemplate:
          spec:
            containers:
            - name: "elasticsearch"
              env:
              - name: "ZONE"
                valueFrom:
                  fieldRef:
                    fieldPath: "metadata.annotations['topology.kubernetes.io/zone']"
            topologySpreadConstraints:
            - maxSkew: 1
              topologyKey: "topology.kubernetes.io/zone"
              whenUnsatisfiable: "DoNotSchedule"
              labelSelector:
                matchLabels:
                  "elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name": "multi-az"
                  "elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/statefulset-name": "multi-az-es-default"
    YAML
    }
```

    ```

4. Then we can deploy a Kibana instance, which will be automatically configured to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. We use the same `topologySpreadConstraints` as for Elasticsearch to spread the pods across the different AZs. We also use the `eck.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name` annotation to tell the operator to connect this Kibana instance to the Elasticsearch cluster named "multi-az" created before.
    ```

>     resource "kubectl_manifest" "kibana" {
>     yaml_body = <<YAML
>     apiVersion: "kibana.k8s.elastic.co/v1"
>     kind: "Kibana"
>     metadata:
>     name: "kibana"
>     namespace: "${kubernetes_namespace.elasticsearch.metadata[0].name}"
>     spec:
>     version: "8.10.2"
>     count: 3
>     elasticsearchRef:
>         name: "multi-az"
>     http:
>         tls:
>         selfSignedCertificate:
>             disabled: true
>     YAML
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    resource "kubectl_manifest" "kibana" {
      yaml_body = <<YAML
    apiVersion: "kibana.k8s.elastic.co/v1"
    kind: "Kibana"
    metadata:
      name: "kibana"
      namespace: "${kubernetes_namespace.elasticsearch.metadata[0].name}"
    spec:
      version: "8.10.2"
      count: 3
      elasticsearchRef:
        name: "multi-az"
      http:
        tls:
          selfSignedCertificate:
            disabled: true
    YAML
```

    ```

5. To expose Kibana to the outside world, we can create an Ingress resource that matches the host `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld` and redirect traffic to the Kibana service. Once applied it will allow you to access Kibana on https://kibana.scw.your-domain.tld using your browser.
    ```

>     resource "kubernetes_ingress_v1" "kibana" {
>     metadata {
>         name      = "kibana"
>         namespace = kubernetes_namespace.elasticsearch.metadata[0].name
>     }
> 
>     spec {
>         ingress_class_name = "nginx"
>         rule {
>         host = "kibana.scw.your-domain.tld"
>         http {
>             path {
>             backend {
>                 service {
>                 name = "kibana-kb-http"
>                 port {
>                     number = 5601
>                 }
>                 }
>             }
>             }
>         }
>         }
>     }
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    resource "kubernetes_ingress_v1" "kibana" {
      metadata {
        name      = "kibana"
        namespace = kubernetes_namespace.elasticsearch.metadata[0].name
      }
    
      spec {
        ingress_class_name = "nginx"
        rule {
          host = "kibana.scw.your-domain.tld"
          http {
            path {
              backend {
                service {
                  name = "kibana-kb-http"
                  port {
                    number = 5601
                  }
                }
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
```

    ```

> 6. Finally, create a DNS CNAME record for `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld`, pointing to the A record of your ingress-nginx controller that deployed in the second section. Since this A record ,`ingress.scw.your-domain.tld`, is configured with health checks, it will automatically resolve to the IPs of the available load balancers, so in case of the loss of one AZ, the DNS record will automatically resolve to the IP of the healthy load balancer and the traffic will be dispatched to the healthy nodes of the other AZs, maintaining the availability of Kibana.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Finally, create a DNS CNAME record for `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld`, pointing to the A record of your ingress-nginx controller deployed in the second section. Since this A record ,`ingress.scw.your-domain.tld`, is configured with health checks, it will automatically resolve to the IPs of the available load balancers, so in case of the loss of one AZ, the DNS record will automatically resolve to the IP of the healthy load balancer and the traffic will be dispatched to the healthy nodes of the other AZs, maintaining the availability of Kibana.
```

    ```

>     resource "scaleway_domain_record" "kibana" {
>     dns_zone        = data.scaleway_domain_zone.multi-az.id
>     name            = "kibana"
>     type            = "CNAME"
>     data            = "ingress.scw.your-domain.tld."
>     ttl             = 300
>     keep_empty_zone = true
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    resource "scaleway_domain_record" "kibana" {
      dns_zone        = data.scaleway_domain_zone.multi-az.id
      name            = "kibana"
      type            = "CNAME"
      data            = "ingress.scw.your-domain.tld."
      ttl             = 300
      keep_empty_zone = true
    }
```

    ```

7. You are now ready to apply your configuration and wait for the deployments of Elasticsearch and Kibana to be ready.
    ```
    terraform apply
    ```

> 8. Check now that the pods of your Elasticsearch cluster is spread across the different AZs, that your Elasticsarch cluster is healthy and that Kibana is ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Check now that the pods of your Elasticsearch cluster are spread across the different AZs, that your Elasticsarch cluster is healthy and that Kibana is ready.
```

---
meta:

>   title: Deploying multi-AZ Kubernetes cluster with Terraform and Kapsule

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  title: Deploying a multi-AZ Kubernetes cluster with Terraform and Kapsule
```

  description: Learn how to deploy a multi-AZ Kubernetes cluster with Terraform and Kapsule
content:

>   h1: Deploying multi-AZ Kubernetes cluster with Terraform and Kapsule

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  h1: Deploying a multi-AZ Kubernetes cluster with Terraform and Kapsule
```

  paragraph: Learn how to deploy a multi-AZ Kubernetes cluster with Terraform and Kapsule
tags:  kubernetes multi-az terraform k8s
categories:
  - containers
  - kubernetes
dates:
  validation: 2023-10-13
  posted: 2023-10-13
---

Multi-AZ Kubernetes Kapsule is a configuration where a managed Kubernetes cluster is distributed across multiple isolated Availability Zones (AZs) within a Scaleway region, enhancing the resilience and availability of applications. 
This configuration allows the system to withstand failures in one zone by replicating resources and workloads across multiple zones.

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have a domain managed on the Scaleway [Domains and DNS service](/network/domains-and-dns/quickstart/).
  - You have installed [Terraform](/tutorials/terraform-quickstart/) on your local computer
</Message>

## Deploying the Kapsule Kubernetes cluster

> Start by creating a multi-AZ cluster on `fr-par` region, in a dedicated VPC and Private Network, with three pools of nodes, one in `fr-par-1`, one in `fr-par-2` and one in `fr-par-3`, with two nodes each.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start by creating a multi-AZ cluster on `fr-par` region, in a dedicated VPC and Private Network, with three pools of nodes, one in `fr-par-1`, one in `fr-par-2` and one in `fr-par-3`, with two nodes each. The steps for achieving this via Terraform are as follows:
```

1. Create a `main.tf` file that will contain the Terraform part of this project, and set the required providers and their versions
    ```
    terraform {
        required_providers {
            scaleway = {
                source  = "scaleway/scaleway"
                version = ">= 2.28.0"
            }
            kubernetes = {
                source  = "hashicorp/kubernetes"
                version = ">=2.23.0"
            }
            helm = {
                source  = "hashicorp/helm"
                version = "2.11.0"
            }
            local = {
                source  = "hashicorp/local"
                version = "2.4.0"
            }
            kubectl = {
                source  = "gavinbunney/kubectl"
                version = "1.14.0"
            }
        }
        required_version = ">= 1.0.0"
    }
    ```

2. Add the Scaleway provider and its configuration. Refer to the Scaleway Terraform provider documentation for more information on how to [configure the provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs).
    ```
    provider "scaleway" {
        region  = "fr-par"
    }
    ```

> 3. Now create a dedicated VPC and a Private Network where we will deploy the Kapsule cluster. VPC and Private Networks are region-wide, so you can use them to host a cluster spreading across multiple availability zones.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Create a dedicated VPC and a Private Network where we will deploy the Kapsule cluster. VPC and Private Networks are region-wide, so you can use them to host a cluster spread across multiple Availability Zones.
```

    ```
    resource "scaleway_vpc" "vpc_multi_az" {
        name = "vpc-multi-az"
        tags = ["multi-az"]
    }

    resource "scaleway_vpc_private_network" "pn_multi_az" {
        name   = "pn-multi-az"
        vpc_id = scaleway_vpc.vpc_multi_az.id
        tags   = ["multi-az"]
    }
    ```

> 4. Add the Kapsule cluster and the three pools, each in a different availability zone but in the same Private Network, to effectively make the cluster multi-AZ.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Add the Kapsule cluster and the three pools, each in a different Availability Zone but in the same Private Network, to effectively make the cluster multi-AZ.
```

    Refer to the Scaleway Terraform provider documentation for available [Kapsule parameters](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_cluster).
    - `scaleway_k8s_cluster` requires no specific configuration for the multi-AZ mode.

>     - The [pools configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_pool) `scaleway_k8s_pool` will get a `zone` parameter that allows placing each one in a different availability zone.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The [pools configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_pool) `scaleway_k8s_pool` will get a `zone` parameter that allows placing each one in a different Availability Zone.
```

            maintenance_window_day        = "sunday"
            maintenance_window_start_hour = 2
        }

        private_network_id = scaleway_vpc_private_network.pn_multi_az.id
    }

    output "kapsule" {
        description = "Kapsule cluster id"
        value = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.id
    }

    resource "scaleway_k8s_pool" "pool-multi-az" {
        for_each = {
            "fr-par-1" = "PRO2-XXS",
            "fr-par-2" = "PRO2-XXS",
            "fr-par-3" = "PRO2-XXS"
        }

        name                   = "pool-${each.key}"
        zone                   = each.key
        tags                   = ["multi-az"]
        cluster_id             = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.id
        node_type              = each.value
        size                   = 2
        min_size               = 2
        max_size               = 3
        autoscaling            = true
        autohealing            = true
        container_runtime      = "containerd"
        root_volume_size_in_gb = 32
    }
    ```

5. Initialize your Terraform configuration and apply it to create your resources.
    ```
    terraform init
    terraform apply
    ```

> 6. To access the Kapsule cluster with `kubectl` you need a `kubeconfig` file, with the address of the cluster and the credentials. You can use the CLI to retrieve and use it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Use the CLI to retrieve the `kubeconfig` file, which contains the address of the cluster and the credentials, then use it to access the cluster:
```

    ```
    terraform output kapsule
    "fr-par/[CLUSTER-ID]"

    scw k8s kubeconfig install [CLUSTER-ID]
    kubectl config use-context [CONTEXT]
    ```

> 7. List your nodes now to check that your cluster is ready, and that there are two nodes per availability zone.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
7. List your nodes now to check that your cluster is ready, and that there are two nodes per Availability Zone.
```

    ```
    kubectl get nodes

    NAME                                             STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-61e22198f8c   Ready    <none>   89s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-8334e772ced   Ready    <none>   82s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-1bcf90f3683   Ready    <none>   90s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-33265e85597   Ready    <none>   86s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-44b14b7bbbd   Ready    <none>   84s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-863491657c7   Ready    <none>   80s   v1.28.0
    ```

## Nginx Ingress Controller as a stateless multi-az application

A very common pattern is to deploy an Ingress Controller to externally expose applications hosted inside the Kapsule cluster. Configuring a multi-AZ deployment of your Ingress Controller will greatly improve its resilience and scalability.

> In this part we will deploy an [ingress-nginx](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx) in a multi-AZ, production ready configuration, using the previously created Kapsule cluster. The official Helm for the nginx controller is full-featured, so we will use it through the Terraform Helm provider.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In this part, we will deploy an [ingress-nginx](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx) in a multi-AZ, production ready configuration, using the previously created Kapsule cluster. The official Helm for the nginx controller is full-featured, so we will use it through the Terraform Helm provider.
```

* Healthy cluster
<Lightbox src="scaleway-k8s-kapsule-multi-az-2-v2.webp" alt="" size="large" />

* Loss of one AZ
<Lightbox src="scaleway-k8s-kapsule-multi-az-3-v2.webp" alt="" size="large" />

<Message type="note">
    For this section you need, as a prerequisite, a domain managed on the Scaleway "Domains and DNS" service.
</Message>

> The domain used for this tutorial can be of type `internal` when bought with your Scaleway account, or of the `external` type if you want to re-use a domain bought with an external DNS registrar. If you choose the `external` method, you can follow the [How to add an external domain to DNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/add-external-domain/) documentation. If you don't want to delegate all your domain to your Scaleway account, import your domain but don't change the name servers in your registrar. Then you can create a "DNS zone" in Scaleway on your external domain, and declare two NS records in your registrar matching this zone. For example, with a domain "your-domain.tld" imported in Scaleway, you can create a DNS zone "scw", and delegate this zone in your registrar by adding those two records:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The domain used for this tutorial can be of type `internal` when bought with your Scaleway account, or of the `external` type if you want to re-use a domain bought with an external DNS registrar. If you choose the `external` method, you can follow the [How to add an external domain to DNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/add-external-domain/) documentation. If you don't want to delegate all your domain to your Scaleway account, import your domain, but do not change the name servers in your registrar. Then you can create a "DNS zone" in Scaleway on your external domain, and declare two NS records in your registrar matching this zone. For example, with a domain "your-domain.tld" imported in Scaleway, you can create a DNS zone "scw", and delegate this zone in your registrar by adding those two records:
```

    ```
    provider "kubernetes" {
        host                   = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].host
        token                  = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].token
        cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].cluster_ca_certificate)
    }

    provider "kubectl" {
        host                   = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].host
        token                  = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].token
        cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].cluster_ca_certificate)
        load_config_file       = false
    }

    provider "helm" {
        kubernetes {
            host                   = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].host
            token                  = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].token
            cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].cluster_ca_certificate)
        }
    }
    ```

> 2. To configure the distribution of the pods on the cluster we will use labels set on nodes. To get the label list of a node, you can use the `kubectl` command below. You can see that multiple labels, sets by the `scaleway-cloud-controller-manager`, contain information about the `region` and `zone` where the node is deployed. The label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone`, at the end of the list, is particularly interesting in your case as it will allow us to know on which availability zone a pod will be deployed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Use the `kubectl` command below to get the label list of a node. We will use label sets on nodes to configure the distribution of the pods on the cluster. You can see that multiple labels, sets by the `scaleway-cloud-controller-manager`, contain information about the `region` and `zone` where the node is deployed. The label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone`, at the end of the list, is particularly interesting in your case as it will allow us to know on which availability zone a pod will be deployed.
```

    ```
    kubectl get node scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-51c432554c4 \
        --template '{{range $k, $v := .metadata.labels}}{{printf "%s=%s\n" $k $v}}{{end}}'

    beta.kubernetes.io/arch=amd64
    beta.kubernetes.io/instance-type=PRO2-XXS
    beta.kubernetes.io/os=linux
    failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/region=fr-par
    failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone=fr-par-1
    k8s.scaleway.com/kapsule=6ee0a129-ee3b-4a89-ad4b-a74754441746
    k8s.scaleway.com/managed=true
    k8s.scaleway.com/multi-az=
    k8s.scaleway.com/node=51c43255-4c42-449a-9e63-d734c357cd65
    k8s.scaleway.com/pool=2d669c67-bb46-4e4f-93a0-a59834f6c6ba
    k8s.scaleway.com/pool-name=pool-fr-par-1
    k8s.scaleway.com/runtime=containerd
    kubernetes.io/arch=amd64
    kubernetes.io/hostname=scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-51c432554c4
    kubernetes.io/os=linux
    node.kubernetes.io/instance-type=PRO2-XXS
    topology.csi.scaleway.com/zone=fr-par-1
    topology.kubernetes.io/region=fr-par
    topology.kubernetes.io/zone=fr-par-1
    ```

> 3. You want to have at least two `ingress-nginx` pods per Availability Zone. To do so, set `replicaCount` to `6`. However, this alone won't guarantee distribution across zones. To that end, use `topologySpreadConstraints` to instruct the Kubernetes scheduler to distribute replicas based on the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label, which can have values like `fr-par-1`, `fr-par-2`, or `fr-par-3`. You can find detailed documentation for [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/) in the Kubernetes documentation. Also there's an anti affinity to prevent the `ingress-nginx` pod to be scheduled on the same node in each AZ.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Ensure you have at least two `ingress-nginx` pods per Availability Zone. To do so, set `replicaCount` to `6`. However, this alone won't guarantee distribution across zones. To that end, use `topologySpreadConstraints` to instruct the Kubernetes scheduler to distribute replicas based on the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label, which can have values like `fr-par-1`, `fr-par-2`, or `fr-par-3`. You can find detailed documentation for [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/) in the Kubernetes documentation. Also there's an anti affinity to prevent the `ingress-nginx` pod to be scheduled on the same node in each AZ.
```

            <<-EOT
            controller:
              replicaCount: 6

              topologySpreadConstraints:
                - topologyKey: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
                  maxSkew: 1
                  whenUnsatisfiable: DoNotSchedule
                  labelSelector:
                    matchLabels:
                      app.kubernetes.io/name: ingress-nginx
                      app.kubernetes.io/instance: ingress-nginx
                      app.kubernetes.io/component: controller
              affinity:
                podAntiAffinity:
                  requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
                  - labelSelector:
                      matchLabels:
                        app.kubernetes.io/name: ingress-nginx
                        app.kubernetes.io/instance: ingress-nginx
                        app.kubernetes.io/component: controller
                    topologyKey: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
              service:
                enabled: false
              config:
                location-snippet: |
                  location /up {
                    return 200 'up';
                  }
            EOT
        ]
    }
    ```

> 4. Now add Kubernetes services of type `LoadBalancer` to expose your `ingress-nginx` pods. The important part here is that we will use the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/scw-loadbalancer-zone` annotation to create a load balancer per AZ. This annotation is used by the `scaleway-cloud-controller-manager` to create a load balancer in a specific AZ. In the `fr-par` region, load balancers are available in two AZs, so we will have two load balancers. Each load balancer dispatches traffic to the healthy nodes of all the AZs. This means, in case of the loss of one AZ where one of the two load balancers is located, the other load balancer will still be available and will dispatch traffic to the healthy nodes, and their healthy `ingress-nginx` pods, on the other AZs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Add Kubernetes services of type `LoadBalancer` to expose your `ingress-nginx` pods. The important part here is that we will use the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/scw-loadbalancer-zone` annotation to create one load balancer per AZ. This annotation is used by the `scaleway-cloud-controller-manager` to create a load balancer in a specific AZ. In the `fr-par` region, load balancers are available in two AZs, so we will have two load balancers. Each load balancer dispatches traffic to the healthy nodes of all the AZs. This means, in case of the loss of one AZ where one of the two load balancers is located, the other load balancer will still be available and will dispatch traffic to the healthy nodes, and their healthy `ingress-nginx` pods, on the other AZs.
```

            }
        }

        spec {
            selector = {
                "app.kubernetes.io/name"      = "ingress-nginx"
                "app.kubernetes.io/instance"  = "ingress-nginx"
                "app.kubernetes.io/component" = "controller"
            }

            port {
                app_protocol = "http"
                name         = "http"
                port         = 80
                protocol     = "TCP"
                target_port  = "http"
            }

            port {
                app_protocol = "https"
                name         = "https"
                port         = 443
                protocol     = "TCP"
                target_port  = "https"
            }

            type = "LoadBalancer"
        }

        lifecycle {
            ignore_changes = [
                metadata[0].annotations["service.beta.kubernetes.io/scw-loadbalancer-id"],
                metadata[0].labels["k8s.scaleway.com/cluster"],
                metadata[0].labels["k8s.scaleway.com/kapsule"],
                metadata[0].labels["k8s.scaleway.com/managed-by-scaleway-cloud-controller-manager"],
            ]
        }
    }
    ```

> 5. Now add the creation of a DNS record to direct the external traffic to the available load balancers. We assume that you have an internal or external domain configured in your account with a `scw` zone, as described in the prerequisites part at the beginning of this section. In the code below, we use `your-domain.tld` as placeholder, so you need to replace it with your domain name. If you want to use a bare-domain, remove the subdomain parameter from the `scaleway_domain_zone` resource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Add the creation of a DNS record to direct the external traffic to the available load balancers. We assume that you have an internal or external domain configured in your account with a `scw` zone, as described in the prerequisites part at the beginning of this section. In the code below, we use `your-domain.tld` as placeholder, so you need to replace it with your domain name. If you want to use a bare-domain, remove the subdomain parameter from the `scaleway_domain_zone` resource.
```

    ```
    data "scaleway_domain_zone" "multi_az" {
        domain    = "your-domain.tld"
        subdomain = "scw"
    }

    resource "scaleway_domain_record" "multi_az" {
        dns_zone = data.scaleway_domain_zone.multi_az.id
        name     = "ingress"
        type     = "A"
        data     = kubernetes_service.nginx["fr-par-1"].status[0].load_balancer[0].ingress[0].ip
        ttl      = 60

        http_service {
            ips = [
                kubernetes_service.nginx["fr-par-1"].status[0].load_balancer[0].ingress[0].ip,
                kubernetes_service.nginx["fr-par-2"].status[0].load_balancer[0].ingress[0].ip,
            ]
            must_contain = "up"
            url          = "http://ingress.scw.yourdomain.tld/up"
            user_agent   = "scw_dns_healthcheck"
            strategy     = "all"
        }
    }
    ```

6. Apply your configuration and wait for the deployment to be ready.
    ```
    terraform apply
    ```

> 7. Check now that your nginx deployment is running and that the pods are distributed across the different node pools in the different AZs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
7. Check that your nginx deployment is running and that the pods are distributed across the different node pools in the different AZs.
```

    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-xmqm9   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.8.164   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-33265e85597   <none>           <none>
    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-4wbtj   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.7.201   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-44b14b7bbbd   <none>           <none>
    ingress-nginx-controller-6878d8d4b6-mg9vp   1/1     Running   0          30m   100.64.6.210   scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-863491657c7   <none>           <none>
    ```

8. You can also check that both services of type LoadBalancer are up and get their external IPs.
    ```
    kubectl get services -n ingress-nginx 

    NAME                                 TYPE           CLUSTER-IP     EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)                      AGE
    ingress-nginx-controller-admission   ClusterIP      10.42.12.8     <none>          443/TCP                      31m
    ingress-nginx-controller-fr-par-1    LoadBalancer   10.41.26.168   195.154.68.56   80:32429/TCP,443:30842/TCP   14m
    ingress-nginx-controller-fr-par-2    LoadBalancer   10.42.96.9     51.159.85.96    80:30490/TCP,443:31351/TCP   14m
    ```

> 9. Using your browser or curl command you can check that `ingress-nginx` is available. Since there is no ingress configured for the moment, it should respond with a 404 status code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
9. Using your browser or curl command, check that `ingress-nginx` is available. Since there is no ingress configured for the moment, it should respond with a 404 status code.
```

    ```
    curl http://195.154.68.56

    <html>
    <head><title>404 Not Found</title></head>
    <body>
    <center><h1>404 Not Found</h1></center>
    <hr><center>nginx</center>
    </body>
    </html>
    ```

> 10. With `dig` command, you can check that your DNS record is resolving to the IPs of all of the healthy load balancers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
10. With `dig` command, check that your DNS record is resolving to the IPs of all of the healthy load balancers
```

    ```
    kubectl get storageclasses.storage.k8s.io

    NAME                 PROVISIONER        RECLAIMPOLICY   VOLUMEBINDINGMODE      ALLOWVOLUMEEXPANSION   AGE
    scw-bssd (default)   csi.scaleway.com   Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   131m
    scw-bssd-retain      csi.scaleway.com   Retain          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   131m
    ```

It is important to use a storage class with the `volumeBindingMode` option set to `WaitForFirstConsumer` when deploying a multi-AZ application with persistent volumes. 

>   This option ensures that the volume is created only when the pod is scheduled on a node, addressing the specific AZ requirement. Creating the volume before scheduling the pod could result in the volume being placed randomly in an AZ, potentially causing attachment failures if the pod is scheduled in a different AZ. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  This option ensures the volume is only created when the pod is scheduled on a node, addressing the specific AZ requirement. Creating the volume before scheduling the pod could result in the volume being placed randomly in an AZ, potentially causing attachment failures if the pod is scheduled in a different AZ. 
```

  With the `WaitForFirstConsumer` option, volumes are created on the same AZ as the node where the pod is scheduled, effectively spreading volumes across different AZs as pods are distributed.

> 1. Ccreate a new Terraform file `elasticsearch.tf` for this section. Deploying a clustered application commonly implies a more complex deployment logic. For Elasticsearch and Kibana, this logic is managed by ECK, the Elasticsearch operator for Kubernetes. It will be in charge of creating Elasticsearch nodes and configuring them to make a cluster. It will also automatically configure Kibana to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. So the first thing to do is to deploy the ECK operator using its chart with the Helm provider.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create a new Terraform file `elasticsearch.tf` for this section. Deploying a clustered application commonly implies a more complex deployment logic. For Elasticsearch and Kibana, this logic is managed by ECK, the Elasticsearch operator for Kubernetes. It will be in charge of creating Elasticsearch nodes and configuring them to make a cluster. It will also automatically configure Kibana to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. So the first thing to do is to deploy the ECK operator using its chart with the Helm provider.
```

> 1. Ccreate a new Terraform file `elasticsearch.tf` for this section. Deploying a clustered application commonly implies a more complex deployment logic. For Elasticsearch and Kibana, this logic is managed by ECK, the Elasticsearch operator for Kubernetes. It will be in charge of creating Elasticsearch nodes and configuring them to make a cluster. It will also automatically configure Kibana to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. So the first thing to do is to deploy the ECK operator using its chart with the Helm provider.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create a new Terraform file `elasticsearch.tf` for this section. Deploying a clustered application commonly implies a more complex deployment logic. For Elasticsearch and Kibana, this logic is managed by ECK, the Elasticsearch operator for Kubernetes. It will be in charge of creating Elasticsearch nodes and configuring them to make a cluster. It will also automatically configure Kibana to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. So the first thing to do is to deploy the ECK operator using its chart with the Helm provider.
```

> 1. For this new section, create a new Terraform file `elasticsearch.tf`. Deploying a clustered application commonly implies a more complex deployment logic. For Elasticsearch and Kibana, this logic is managed by ECK, the Elasticsearch operator for Kubernetes. It will be in charge of creating Elasticsearch nodes and configuring them to make a cluster. It will also automatically configure Kibana to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. So the first thing to do is to deploy the ECK operator using its chart with the Helm provider.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Ccreate a new Terraform file `elasticsearch.tf` for this section. Deploying a clustered application commonly implies a more complex deployment logic. For Elasticsearch and Kibana, this logic is managed by ECK, the Elasticsearch operator for Kubernetes. It will be in charge of creating Elasticsearch nodes and configuring them to make a cluster. It will also automatically configure Kibana to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. So the first thing to do is to deploy the ECK operator using its chart with the Helm provider.
```

    ```
    resource "helm_release" "eck" {
        name      = "elastic-operator"
        namespace = "elastic-system"

        create_namespace = true

        repository = "https://helm.elastic.co"
        chart      = "eck-operator"

        depends_on = [helm_release.nginx_ingress]
    }
    ```

> 2. Now we create a namespace to deploy your Elasticsearch cluster and Kibana instance. We use the `depends_on` parameter to make sure that the namespace is created after the ECK operator, so the Elasticsearch and Kibana CRDs are available before we try to create them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Create a namespace to deploy your Elasticsearch cluster and Kibana instance. We use the `depends_on` parameter to make sure that the namespace is created after the ECK operator, so the Elasticsearch and Kibana CRDs are available before we try to create them.
```

    ```
        resource "kubernetes_namespace" "elasticsearch" {
        metadata {
            name = "elasticsearch"
        }

        depends_on = [helm_release.eck]
    }
    ```

> 3. To create your multi-AZ Elasticsearch cluster, we will use the "Elasticsearch" CRD provided by the ECK operator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Create your multi-AZ Elasticsearch cluster using the "Elasticsearch" CRD provided by the ECK operator.
```

      - name: "default"
        count: 3
        volumeClaimTemplates:
        - metadata:
            name: "elasticsearch-data"
          spec:
            accessModes:
            - "ReadWriteOnce"
            resources:
              requests:
                storage: "1Gi"
            storageClassName: "scw-bssd"
        config:
          node.attr.zone: "$${ZONE}"
          cluster.routing.allocation.awareness.attributes: "k8s_node_name,zone"
          node.store.allow_mmap: false
        podTemplate:
          spec:
            containers:
            - name: "elasticsearch"
              env:
              - name: "ZONE"
                valueFrom:
                  fieldRef:
                    fieldPath: "metadata.annotations['topology.kubernetes.io/zone']"
            topologySpreadConstraints:
            - maxSkew: 1
              topologyKey: "topology.kubernetes.io/zone"
              whenUnsatisfiable: "DoNotSchedule"
              labelSelector:
                matchLabels:
                  "elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name": "multi-az"
                  "elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/statefulset-name": "multi-az-es-default"
    YAML
    }
    ```

> 4. Then we can deploy a Kibana instance, which will be automatically configured to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. We use the same `topologySpreadConstraints` as for Elasticsearch to spread the pods across the different AZs. We also use the `eck.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name` annotation to tell the operator to connect this Kibana instance to the Elasticsearch cluster named "multi-az" created before.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
4. Then, we can deploy a Kibana instance, which will be automatically configured to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. We use the same `topologySpreadConstraints` as for Elasticsearch to spread the pods across the different AZs. We also use the `eck.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name` annotation to tell the operator to connect this Kibana instance to the Elasticsearch cluster named "multi-az" created before.
```

> 4. Then, we can deploy a Kibana instance, which will be automatically configured to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. We use the same `topologySpreadConstraints` as for Elasticsearch to spread the pods across the different AZs. We also use the `eck.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name` annotation to tell the operator to connect this Kibana instance to the Elasticsearch cluster named "multi-az" created before.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Deploy a Kibana instance, which will be automatically configured to connect to the Elasticsearch cluster. We use the same `topologySpreadConstraints` as for Elasticsearch to spread the pods across the different AZs. We also use the `eck.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name` annotation to tell the operator to connect this Kibana instance to the Elasticsearch cluster named "multi-az" created before.
```

    ```
    resource "kubectl_manifest" "kibana" {
      yaml_body = <<YAML
    apiVersion: "kibana.k8s.elastic.co/v1"
    kind: "Kibana"
    metadata:
      name: "kibana"
      namespace: "${kubernetes_namespace.elasticsearch.metadata[0].name}"
    spec:
      version: "8.10.2"
      count: 3
      elasticsearchRef:
        name: "multi-az"
      http:
        tls:
          selfSignedCertificate:
            disabled: true
    YAML
    }
    ```

> 5. To expose Kibana to the outside world, we can create an Ingress resource that matches the host `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld` and redirect traffic to the Kibana service. Once applied it will allow you to access Kibana on https://kibana.scw.your-domain.tld using your browser.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
5. To expose Kibana to the outside world, we can create an Ingress resource that matches the host `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld` and redirect traffic to the Kibana service. Once applied, it will allow you to access Kibana on https://kibana.scw.your-domain.tld using your browser.
```

> 5. To expose Kibana to the outside world, we can create an Ingress resource that matches the host `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld` and redirect traffic to the Kibana service. Once applied, it will allow you to access Kibana on https://kibana.scw.your-domain.tld using your browser.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. To expose Kibana to the outside world, create an Ingress resource that matches the host `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld` and redirect traffic to the Kibana service. Once applied, it will allow you to access Kibana on https://kibana.scw.your-domain.tld using your browser.
```

    ```
    resource "kubernetes_ingress_v1" "kibana" {
      metadata {
        name      = "kibana"
        namespace = kubernetes_namespace.elasticsearch.metadata[0].name
      }
    
      spec {
        ingress_class_name = "nginx"
        rule {
          host = "kibana.scw.your-domain.tld"
          http {
            path {
              backend {
                service {
                  name = "kibana-kb-http"
                  port {
                    number = 5601
                  }
                }
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```

> 6. Finally, create a DNS CNAME record for `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld`, pointing to the A record of your ingress-nginx controller deployed in the second section. Since this A record ,`ingress.scw.your-domain.tld`, is configured with health checks, it will automatically resolve to the IPs of the available load balancers, so in case of the loss of one AZ, the DNS record will automatically resolve to the IP of the healthy load balancer and the traffic will be dispatched to the healthy nodes of the other AZs, maintaining the availability of Kibana.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Create a DNS CNAME record for `kibana.scw.your-domain.tld`, pointing to the A record of your ingress-nginx controller deployed in the second section. Since this A record ,`ingress.scw.your-domain.tld`, is configured with health checks, it will automatically resolve to the IPs of the available load balancers, so in case of the loss of one AZ, the DNS record will automatically resolve to the IP of the healthy load balancer and the traffic will be dispatched to the healthy nodes of the other AZs, maintaining the availability of Kibana.
```

    ```
    resource "scaleway_domain_record" "kibana" {
      dns_zone        = data.scaleway_domain_zone.multi-az.id
      name            = "kibana"
      type            = "CNAME"
      data            = "ingress.scw.your-domain.tld."
      ttl             = 300
      keep_empty_zone = true
    }
    ```

> 7. You are now ready to apply your configuration and wait for the deployments of Elasticsearch and Kibana to be ready.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
7. Apply your configuration and wait for the deployments of Elasticsearch and Kibana to be ready.
```

    ```
    terraform apply
    ```

> 8. Check now that the pods of your Elasticsearch cluster are spread across the different AZs, that your Elasticsarch cluster is healthy and that Kibana is ready.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
8. Check that the pods of your Elasticsearch cluster are spread across the different AZs, that your Elasticsarch cluster is healthy and that Kibana is ready.
```

1. Create a `main.tf` file that will contain the Terraform part of this project, and set the required providers and their versions
    ```
    terraform {
        required_providers {
            scaleway = {
                source  = "scaleway/scaleway"
                version = ">= 2.28.0"
            }
            kubernetes = {
                source  = "hashicorp/kubernetes"
                version = ">=2.23.0"
            }
            helm = {
                source  = "hashicorp/helm"
                version = "2.11.0"
            }
            local = {
                source  = "hashicorp/local"
                version = "2.4.0"
            }
            kubectl = {
                source  = "gavinbunney/kubectl"
                version = "1.14.0"
            }
        }
        required_version = ">= 1.0.0"
    }
    ```

2. Add the Scaleway provider and its configuration. Refer to the Scaleway Terraform provider documentation for more information on how to [configure the provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs).
    ```
    provider "scaleway" {
        region  = "fr-par"
    }
    ```

> 3. Now create a dedicated VPC and a Private Network where we will deploy the Kapsule cluster. VPC and Private Networks are region-wide, so you can use them to host a cluster spread on multiple availability zones.

Reviewer 5: I'm not native speaker, but I have a feeling "to host a cluster spread on multiple availability zones" isn't right grammatically. 
Instead I'd have "to host a cluster _spreading_ on multiple availability zones."

Author: ```suggestion
3. Now create a dedicated VPC and a Private Network where we will deploy the Kapsule cluster. VPC and Private Networks are region-wide, so you can use them to host a cluster spreading on multiple availability zones.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Now create a dedicated VPC and a Private Network where we will deploy the Kapsule cluster. VPC and Private Networks are region-wide, so you can use them to host a cluster spreading across multiple availability zones.
```

    ```
    resource "scaleway_vpc" "vpc_multi_az" {
    name = "vpc-multi-az"
    tags = ["multi-az"]
    }

    resource "scaleway_vpc_private_network" "pn_multi_az" {
    name   = "pn-multi-az"
    vpc_id = scaleway_vpc.vpc_multi_az.id
    tags   = ["multi-az"]
    }
    ```

4. Add the Kapsule cluster and the three pools, each in a different availability zone but in the same Private Network, to effectively make the cluster multi-AZ.

> Refer to the Scaleway Terraform provider documentation for available [Kapsule parameter]([https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_cluster), there is no specific configuration for the multi-AZ mode on the `scaleway_k8s_cluster`.

Reviewer 5: - Kapsule parameters (plural)?
- I suggest to start a new phrase on the second part: 
There is no specific configuration for the multi-AZ mode on the `scaleway_k8s_cluster`.
Even better, I suggest to start a bullet list, so that cluster then pool is discussed sequentially. 
Rephrased like:

- `scaleway_k8s_cluster` requires no specific configuration for the multi-AZ mode.
- The [pools configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_pool) `scaleway_k8s_pool` will get a `zone` parameter that allows placing each one in a different availability zone.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the Scaleway Terraform provider documentation for available [Kapsule parameters]([https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_cluster).
- `scaleway_k8s_cluster` requires no specific configuration for the multi-AZ mode.
- The [pools configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_pool) `scaleway_k8s_pool` will get a `zone` parameter that allows placing each one in a different availability zone.
```

Reviewer: There's an extra `[` at the beginning of the link too

For the [pools configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/resources/k8s_pool) it's the `zone` parameter that allows placing each one in a different availability zone.
    ```
    resource "scaleway_k8s_cluster" "kapsule_multi_az" {
        name        = "kapsule-multi-az"
        tags        = ["multi-az"]

        type    = "kapsule"
        version = "1.28"
        cni     = "cilium"

        delete_additional_resources = true

        autoscaler_config {
            ignore_daemonsets_utilization = true
            balance_similar_node_groups   = true
        }

        auto_upgrade {
            enable                        = true
            maintenance_window_day        = "sunday"
            maintenance_window_start_hour = 2
        }

        private_network_id = scaleway_vpc_private_network.pn_multi_az.id
    }

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    output "kapsule" {
        description = "Kapsule cluster id"
        value = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.id
    }

```

Reviewer: So that the terraform output kapsule can display the cluster id

>     resource "scaleway_k8s_cluster" "kapsule_multi_az" {
>     name        = "kapsule-multi-az"
>     tags        = ["multi-az"]
> 
>     type    = "kapsule"
>     version = "1.28"
>     cni     = "cilium"
> 
>     delete_additional_resources = true
> 
>     autoscaler_config {
>         ignore_daemonsets_utilization = true
>         balance_similar_node_groups   = true
>     }
> 
>     auto_upgrade {
>         enable                        = true
>         maintenance_window_day        = "sunday"
>         maintenance_window_start_hour = 2
>     }
> 
>     private_network_id = scaleway_vpc_private_network.pn_multi_az.id
>     }
> 
>     resource "scaleway_k8s_pool" "pool-multi-az" {
>     for_each = {
>         "fr-par-1" = 1,
>         "fr-par-2" = 2,
>         "fr-par-3" = 3
>     }
> 
>     name                   = "pool-${each.key}"
>     zone                   = each.key
>     tags                   = ["multi-az"]
>     cluster_id             = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.id
>     node_type              = "PRO2-XXS"
>     size                   = 2
>     min_size               = 2
>     max_size               = 3
>     autoscaling            = true
>     autohealing            = true
>     container_runtime      = "containerd"
>     root_volume_size_in_gb = 32
>     }

Reviewer: Fixed indent & added node type in the for_each to ease the use case when the node type is not available in all zones

```suggestion
    resource "scaleway_k8s_cluster" "kapsule_multi_az" {
        name        = "kapsule-multi-az"
        tags        = ["multi-az"]

        type    = "kapsule"
        version = "1.28"
        cni     = "cilium"

        delete_additional_resources = true

        autoscaler_config {
            ignore_daemonsets_utilization = true
            balance_similar_node_groups   = true
        }

        auto_upgrade {
            enable                        = true
            maintenance_window_day        = "sunday"
            maintenance_window_start_hour = 2
        }

        private_network_id = scaleway_vpc_private_network.pn_multi_az.id
    }

    resource "scaleway_k8s_pool" "pool-multi-az" {
        for_each = {
            "fr-par-1" = "PRO2-XXS",
            "fr-par-2" = "PRO2-XXS",
            "fr-par-3" = "PRO2-XXS"
        }

        name                   = "pool-${each.key}"
        zone                   = each.key
        tags                   = ["multi-az"]
        cluster_id             = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.id
        node_type              = "${each.value}"
        size                   = 2
        min_size               = 2
        max_size               = 3
        autoscaling            = true
        autohealing            = true
        container_runtime      = "containerd"
        root_volume_size_in_gb = 32
    }
```

>         node_type              = "${each.value}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        node_type              = each.value
```

    ```

5. To access the Kapsule cluster with `kubectl` you need a `kubeconfig` file, with the address of the cluster and the credentials. Copy/paste this `template_file` and write it into a `kubeconfig` file in the current directory.

>     ```
>     data "template_file" "kubeconfig" {
>     template = <<EOT
>     apiVersion: v1
>     clusters:
>     - name: "$${cluster_name}"
>     cluster:
>         certificate-authority-data: $${ca_cert}
>         server: "$${host}"
>     contexts:
>     - name: admin@kapsule-multi-az
>     context:
>         cluster: "kapsule-multi-az"
>         user: kapsule-multi-az-admin
>     current-context: admin@kapsule-multi-az
>     kind: Config
>     preferences: {}
>     users:
>     - name: kapsule-multi-az-admin
>     user:
>         token: $${token}
>     EOT
> 
>     vars = {
>         cluster_name = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.name
>         host         = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].host
>         token        = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].token
>         ca_cert      = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].cluster_ca_certificate
>     }
>     }
> 
>     resource "local_file" "kubeconfig" {
>     content  = data.template_file.kubeconfig.rendered
>     filename = "${path.module}/kubeconfig"
>     }
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
    data "template_file" "kubeconfig" {
        template = <<EOT
    apiVersion: v1
    clusters:
    - name: "$${cluster_name}"
    cluster:
        certificate-authority-data: $${ca_cert}
        server: "$${host}"
    contexts:
    - name: admin@kapsule-multi-az
    context:
        cluster: "kapsule-multi-az"
        user: kapsule-multi-az-admin
    current-context: admin@kapsule-multi-az
    kind: Config
    preferences: {}
    users:
    - name: kapsule-multi-az-admin
    user:
        token: $${token}
    EOT

        vars = {
            cluster_name = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.name
            host         = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].host
            token        = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].token
            ca_cert      = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].cluster_ca_certificate
        }
    }

    resource "local_file" "kubeconfig" {
        content  = data.template_file.kubeconfig.rendered
        filename = "${path.module}/kubeconfig"
    }
    ```
```

> 5. To access the Kapsule cluster with `kubectl` you need a `kubeconfig` file, with the address of the cluster and the credentials. Copy/paste this `template_file` and write it into a `kubeconfig` file in the current directory.
>     ```
>     data "template_file" "kubeconfig" {
>         template = <<EOT
>     apiVersion: v1
>     clusters:
>     - name: "$${cluster_name}"
>     cluster:
>         certificate-authority-data: $${ca_cert}
>         server: "$${host}"
>     contexts:
>     - name: admin@kapsule-multi-az
>     context:
>         cluster: "kapsule-multi-az"
>         user: kapsule-multi-az-admin
>     current-context: admin@kapsule-multi-az
>     kind: Config
>     preferences: {}
>     users:
>     - name: kapsule-multi-az-admin
>     user:
>         token: $${token}
>     EOT
> 
>         vars = {
>             cluster_name = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.name
>             host         = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].host
>             token        = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].token
>             ca_cert      = scaleway_k8s_cluster.kapsule_multi_az.kubeconfig[0].cluster_ca_certificate
>         }
>     }
> 
>     resource "local_file" "kubeconfig" {
>         content  = data.template_file.kubeconfig.rendered
>         filename = "${path.module}/kubeconfig"
>     }
>     ```
> 
> 6. Initialize your Terraform configuration and apply it to create your resources.
>     ```
>     terraform init
>     terraform apply
>     ```
> 
> 7. Configure your `KUBECONFIG` environment variable to point to the `kubeconfig` file you just created via Terraform
>     ```
>     export KUBECONFIG=kubeconfig
>     ```
> 
> 8. List your nodes now to check that your cluster is ready, and that there are two nodes per availability zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Initialize your Terraform configuration and apply it to create your resources.
    ```
    terraform init
    terraform apply
    ```

6. To access the Kapsule cluster with `kubectl` you need a `kubeconfig` file, with the address of the cluster and the credentials. You can use the CLI to retrieve and use it.
    ```
    terraform output kapsule
    "fr-par/[CLUSTER-ID]"

    scw k8s kubeconfig install [CLUSTER-ID]
    kubectl config use-context [CONTEXT]
    ```

7. List your nodes now to check that your cluster is ready, and that there are two nodes per availability zone.
    ```

8. List your nodes now to check that your cluster is ready, and that there are two nodes per availability zone.
```

    ```
    kubectl get nodes

    NAME                                             STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-61e22198f8c   Ready    <none>   89s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-8334e772ced   Ready    <none>   82s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-1bcf90f3683   Ready    <none>   90s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-2-33265e85597   Ready    <none>   86s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-44b14b7bbbd   Ready    <none>   84s   v1.28.0
    scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-3-863491657c7   Ready    <none>   80s   v1.28.0
    ```

## Nginx Ingress Controller as a stateless multi-az application

A very common pattern is to deploy an Ingress Controller to externally expose applications hosted inside the Kapsule cluster. Configuring a multi-AZ deployment of your Ingress Controller will greatly improve its resilience and scalability.

> In this part we will deploy an (ingress-nginx)[https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx] in a multi-AZ, production ready, configuration, using the previously created Kapsule cluster. The official Helm for the nginx controller is full-featured, so we will use it through the Terraform Helm provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this part we will deploy an [ingress-nginx](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx) in a multi-AZ, production ready, configuration, using the previously created Kapsule cluster. The official Helm for the nginx controller is full-featured, so we will use it through the Terraform Helm provider.
```

> In this part we will deploy an [ingress-nginx](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx) in a multi-AZ, production ready, configuration, using the previously created Kapsule cluster. The official Helm for the nginx controller is full-featured, so we will use it through the Terraform Helm provider.

Reviewer 5: Somehow the preview shows me a wrong link here, although I can't seem to find what's wrong with your markdown
<img width="710" alt="Capture d’écran 2023-10-16 à 11 27 57" src="https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/assets/4608664/51ad416d-2b0f-40ec-bc9c-9e8e820520b2">

Reviewer: It's been fixed already

* Healthy cluster

> <Lightbox src="scaleway-k8s-kapsule-multi-az-2.webp" alt="" size="large" />

Reviewer 5: Pixeled on my preview site, small parts are almost unreadable.
- Anything we can do to improve the quality? 
I exported the webp from draw.io directly, perhaps there's better compression elsewhere. 

- Do we really need the lightbox? It's not enlarging much.

* Loss of one AZ

> <Lightbox src="scaleway-k8s-kapsule-multi-az-3.webp" alt="" size="large" />

Reviewer 5: Same comment on pixels, too bad. Let's discuss what can be done to make it way higher quality

<Message type="note">
    For this section you need, as a prerequisite, a domain managed on the Scaleway "Domains and DNS" service.
</Message>

> The domain userd for this tutorial can be of type `internal` when bought with your Scaleway account, or of the `external` type if you want to re-use a domain bought with an external DNS registrar. If you choose the `external` method, you can follow the [How to add an external domain to DNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/add-external-domain/). If you don't want to delegate all your domain to your Scaleway account, import your domain but don't change the name servers in your registrar. Then you can create a "DNS zone" in Scaleway on your external domain, and declare two NS records in your registrar matching this zone. For example, with a domain "your-domain.tld" imported in Scaleway, you can create a DNS zone "scw", and delegate this zone in your registrar by adding those two records:

Reviewer 5: Typo I guess: The domain "used"

> The domain userd for this tutorial can be of type `internal` when bought with your Scaleway account, or of the `external` type if you want to re-use a domain bought with an external DNS registrar. If you choose the `external` method, you can follow the [How to add an external domain to DNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/add-external-domain/). If you don't want to delegate all your domain to your Scaleway account, import your domain but don't change the name servers in your registrar. Then you can create a "DNS zone" in Scaleway on your external domain, and declare two NS records in your registrar matching this zone. For example, with a domain "your-domain.tld" imported in Scaleway, you can create a DNS zone "scw", and delegate this zone in your registrar by adding those two records:

Reviewer 5: This sentence makes no sense

- If you choose the `external` method, you can follow the "How to add an external domain to DNS".

Perhaps missing one word? 
- e.g you can follow the guide "How to..."

> The domain userd for this tutorial can be of type `internal` when bought with your Scaleway account, or of the `external` type if you want to re-use a domain bought with an external DNS registrar. If you choose the `external` method, you can follow the [How to add an external domain to DNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/add-external-domain/). If you don't want to delegate all your domain to your Scaleway account, import your domain but don't change the name servers in your registrar. Then you can create a "DNS zone" in Scaleway on your external domain, and declare two NS records in your registrar matching this zone. For example, with a domain "your-domain.tld" imported in Scaleway, you can create a DNS zone "scw", and delegate this zone in your registrar by adding those two records:

Author: ```suggestion
The domain used for this tutorial can be of type `internal` when bought with your Scaleway account, or of the `external` type if you want to re-use a domain bought with an external DNS registrar. If you choose the `external` method, you can follow the [How to add an external domain to DNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/add-external-domain/). If you don't want to delegate all your domain to your Scaleway account, import your domain but don't change the name servers in your registrar. Then you can create a "DNS zone" in Scaleway on your external domain, and declare two NS records in your registrar matching this zone. For example, with a domain "your-domain.tld" imported in Scaleway, you can create a DNS zone "scw", and delegate this zone in your registrar by adding those two records:
```

    ```
    kubectl get node scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-51c432554c4 --template '{{range $k, $v := .metadata.labels}}{{printf "%s=%s\n" $k $v}}{{end}}'

    beta.kubernetes.io/arch=amd64
    beta.kubernetes.io/instance-type=PRO2-XXS
    beta.kubernetes.io/os=linux
    failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/region=fr-par
    failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone=fr-par-1
    k8s.scaleway.com/kapsule=6ee0a129-ee3b-4a89-ad4b-a74754441746
    k8s.scaleway.com/managed=true
    k8s.scaleway.com/multi-az=
    k8s.scaleway.com/node=51c43255-4c42-449a-9e63-d734c357cd65
    k8s.scaleway.com/pool=2d669c67-bb46-4e4f-93a0-a59834f6c6ba
    k8s.scaleway.com/pool-name=pool-fr-par-1
    k8s.scaleway.com/runtime=containerd
    kubernetes.io/arch=amd64
    kubernetes.io/hostname=scw-kapsule-multi-az-pool-fr-par-1-51c432554c4
    kubernetes.io/os=linux
    node.kubernetes.io/instance-type=PRO2-XXS
    topology.csi.scaleway.com/zone=fr-par-1
    topology.kubernetes.io/region=fr-par
    topology.kubernetes.io/zone=fr-par-1
    ```

> 3. There are multiple very important configurations here. You want to have one `ingress-nginx` pod per Availability Zone, so the first thing is to have `replicaCount` to `3`. Doing only that you do not have any guarantee that Kubernetes will dispatch the replicas on different zones, so we define a `topologySpreadConstraints` to tell Kubernetes scheduler to spread the replicas based on the label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone`, which have one of the three `fr-par-1`, `fr-par-2` and `fr-par-3` value. You can find the full documentation for the [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/) on Kubernetes documentation. On the next step, we will create through Terraform your different Kubernetes services to deploy multiple LoadBalancer, so we deactivate the creation of the default service by the Helm chart. Finally, we had a short snippet to the Nginx configuration of your ingress-nginx, which exposes a `/up` path that we will use further in your DNS configuration.

Reviewer 5: Can we split this whole block into sub pieces? Because (i) it's hard to read as is (ii) will be better structure for memorization

Suggest as:
- You want to have
- Doing only that
- On the next step
- Finally, we...

Author: ```suggestion
3. You want to have one `ingress-nginx` pod per Availability Zone. To do so, set `replicaCount` to `3`. However, this alone won't guarantee distribution across zones. Next, use `topologySpreadConstraints` to instruct the Kubernetes scheduler to distribute replicas based on the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label, which can have values like `fr-par-1`, `fr-par-2`, or `fr-par-3`. You can find detailed documentation for [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/) in the Kubernetes documentation.

Then, proceed to create various Kubernetes services through Terraform to deploy multiple `LoadBalancers`, ensuring that the default service creation by the Helm chart is disabled.

Finally, add a short snippet to the Nginx configuration of your `ingress-nginx` to expose a `/up` path, which will be used in your DNS configuration later.
```

cc @Nox-404 wdyt?

> 3. There are multiple very important configurations here. You want to have one `ingress-nginx` pod per Availability Zone, so the first thing is to have `replicaCount` to `3`. Doing only that you do not have any guarantee that Kubernetes will dispatch the replicas on different zones, so we define a `topologySpreadConstraints` to tell Kubernetes scheduler to spread the replicas based on the label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone`, which have one of the three `fr-par-1`, `fr-par-2` and `fr-par-3` value. You can find the full documentation for the [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/) on Kubernetes documentation. On the next step, we will create through Terraform your different Kubernetes services to deploy multiple LoadBalancer, so we deactivate the creation of the default service by the Helm chart. Finally, we had a short snippet to the Nginx configuration of your ingress-nginx, which exposes a `/up` path that we will use further in your DNS configuration.

Reviewer 5: I'd say this sentence is not grammatically correct.

> so we define a `topologySpreadConstraints` to tell Kubernetes scheduler

Either 
- so we define a spread constraint using `topologySpreadConstraints`
or
- so we define `topologySpreadConstraints`

    ```

>     resource "helm_release" "nginx_ingress" {
>     name      = "ingress-nginx"
>     namespace = "ingress-nginx"
> 
>     create_namespace = true
> 
>     repository = "https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx"
>     chart      = "ingress-nginx"
> 
>     values = [
>         <<-EOF
>         controller:
>             replicaCount: 3
> 
>             topologySpreadConstraints:
>             - labelSelector:
>                 matchLabels:
>                 app.kubernetes.io/name: ingress-nginx
>                 app.kubernetes.io/instance: ingress-nginx
>                 app.kubernetes.io/component: controller
>             topologyKey: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
>             maxSkew: 1
>             whenUnsatisfiable: DoNotSchedule
> 
>             service:
>             enabled: false
>             config:
>             location-snippet: |
>                 location /up {
>                 return 200 'up';
>                 }
>         EOF
>     ]
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    resource "helm_release" "nginx_ingress" {
        name      = "ingress-nginx"
        namespace = "ingress-nginx"

        create_namespace = true

        repository = "https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx"
        chart      = "ingress-nginx"

        values = [
            <<-EOT
            controller:
              replicaCount: 6

              topologySpreadConstraints:
                - topologyKey: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
                  maxSkew: 1
                  whenUnsatisfiable: DoNotSchedule
                  labelSelector:
                    matchLabels:
                      app.kubernetes.io/name: ingress-nginx
                      app.kubernetes.io/instance: ingress-nginx
                      app.kubernetes.io/component: controller
              service:
                enabled: false
              config:
                location-snippet: |
                  location /up {
                    return 200 'up';
                  }
            EOT
        ]
    }
```

    ```

> 4. Now add Kubernetes services of type `LoadBalancer` to expose your `ingress-nginx` pods. The important part here is that we will use the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/scw-loadbalancer-zone` annotation to create a load balancer per AZ. This annotation is used by the `scaleway-cloud-controller-manager` to create a load balancer in a specific AZ. In the `fr-par` region, load balancers are available in two AZs, so we will have two load balancers. Each load balancer dispatches traffic to the healthy nodes of all the AZs. This means, in case of the loss of one AZ where one of the two load balancers is located, the other load balancer will still be available and will dispatch traffic to the healthy nodes, and their healthy `ingress-nginx pods`, on the other AZs.
> The selector matches the labels set by the Helm chart on the ingress-nginx pods, and the service exposes both HTTP and HTTPS ports. At the end of the resource, we tell Terraform to ignore some labels and an annotation that `scaleway-cloud-controller-manager` set automatically, and that we do not want to override it on the next Terraform runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Now add Kubernetes services of type `LoadBalancer` to expose your `ingress-nginx` pods. The important part here is that we will use the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/scw-loadbalancer-zone` annotation to create a load balancer per AZ. This annotation is used by the `scaleway-cloud-controller-manager` to create a load balancer in a specific AZ. In the `fr-par` region, load balancers are available in two AZs, so we will have two load balancers. Each load balancer dispatches traffic to the healthy nodes of all the AZs. This means, in case of the loss of one AZ where one of the two load balancers is located, the other load balancer will still be available and will dispatch traffic to the healthy nodes, and their healthy `ingress-nginx` pods, on the other AZs.
The selector matches the labels set by the Helm chart on the ingress-nginx pods, and the service exposes both HTTP and HTTPS ports. At the end of the resource, we tell Terraform to ignore some labels and annotations that the `scaleway-cloud-controller-manager` sets automatically, and that we do not want to override on the next Terraform runs.
```

## Elasticsearch/Kibana as a stateful multi-AZ application

In this last section, you will deploy a multi-AZ Elasticsearch and a Kibana instance to query it. It will allow you to work with the stateful constraints imposed by the use of persistent volumes in a multi-AZ architecture. As a prerequisite, you need to have a default `scw-bssd` storage class with a `volumeBindingMode` set to `WaitForFirstConsumer`. You can check your cluster with the `kubectl` command below. Previous clusters were provisioned with the binding mode set to `Immediate`, so if you are in this case you need to update your cluster to the latest patch version (kubernetes >=1.24.17, >=1.25.13, >=1.26.8, >=1.27.5 or >=1.28.1). The storage class will be automatically updated to the new binding mode during the update.
    ```
    kubectl get storageclasses.storage.k8s.io

    NAME                 PROVISIONER        RECLAIMPOLICY   VOLUMEBINDINGMODE      ALLOWVOLUMEEXPANSION   AGE
    scw-bssd (default)   csi.scaleway.com   Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   131m
    scw-bssd-retain      csi.scaleway.com   Retain          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   131m
    ```

> The use of a storage class with `volumeBindingMode` option set to `WaitForFirstConsumer` is essential to deploy a multi-az application using persistent volumes. This option is necessary to make sure that the volume is created only when the pod is scheduled on a node. This is important because the volume is restricted to a specific AZ and ca not be used or moved to another AZ. So if we create the volume before the pod is scheduled, the CSI driver will not know on which AZ it will be used, so it will create the volume on a random AZ, and at the binding time, if the pod trying to attach the volume is scheduled on another AZ, it will fail to attach the volume and the pod will fail to start. With the `WaitForFirstConsumer` option, the volume is created only when the pod is scheduled on a node, so the volume is created on the AZ of the node where the pod is scheduled. Since pods are spread across the different AZs, the volumes will also be spread across the different AZs.

Reviewer 5: and `can` not be used or moved to another AZ

> The use of a storage class with `volumeBindingMode` option set to `WaitForFirstConsumer` is essential to deploy a multi-az application using persistent volumes. This option is necessary to make sure that the volume is created only when the pod is scheduled on a node. This is important because the volume is restricted to a specific AZ and ca not be used or moved to another AZ. So if we create the volume before the pod is scheduled, the CSI driver will not know on which AZ it will be used, so it will create the volume on a random AZ, and at the binding time, if the pod trying to attach the volume is scheduled on another AZ, it will fail to attach the volume and the pod will fail to start. With the `WaitForFirstConsumer` option, the volume is created only when the pod is scheduled on a node, so the volume is created on the AZ of the node where the pod is scheduled. Since pods are spread across the different AZs, the volumes will also be spread across the different AZs.

Reviewer 5: This is a very long chunk of text.
I suggest to jump a space or two before starting 
- This is important
- With the `WaitForFirstConsumer` option...
Better for the eyes, better read.

Author: ```suggestion
It is important to use a storage class with the `volumeBindingMode` option set to `WaitForFirstConsumer` when deploying a multi-AZ application with persistent volumes. 

This option ensures that the volume is created only when the pod is scheduled on a node, addressing the specific AZ requirement. Creating the volume before scheduling the pod could result in the volume being placed randomly in an AZ, potentially causing attachment failures if the pod is scheduled in a different AZ. 

With the `WaitForFirstConsumer` option, volumes are created on the same AZ as the node where the pod is scheduled, effectively spreading volumes across different AZs as pods are distributed.
```

@Nox-404 wdyt?

Reviewer 2: LGTM, it's clearly more readable

    ```
    resource "helm_release" "eck" {
    name      = "elastic-operator"
    namespace = "elastic-system"

    create_namespace = true

    repository = "https://helm.elastic.co"
    chart      = "eck-operator"

    depends_on = [helm_release.nginx_ingress]
    }
    ```

2. Now we create a namespace to deploy your Elasticsearch cluster and Kibana instance. We use the `depends_on` parameter to make sure that the namespace is created after the ECK operator, so the Elasticsearch and Kibana CRDs are available before we try to create them.
    ```
    resource "kubernetes_namespace" "elasticsearch" {
    metadata {
        name = "elasticsearch"
    }

    depends_on = [helm_release.eck]
    }
    ```

> 3. To create your multi-AZ Elasticsearch cluster, we will use the "Elasticsearch" CRD made available by the ECK operator. With it, we can now deploy an Elasticsearch cluster via a `nodeSets` with three Elasticsearch nodes, one in each AZ, with a persistent volume bound to each Elasticsearch nodes to persists data. We have to use different parameters to spread the pods across the different AZs. The first one is to set the `storageClassName` to `scw-bssd`, allowing the creation to the correct AZ of the Elasticsearch volumes as explained before. Adding the annotation `eck.k8s.elastic.co/downward-node-labels` we ask the operator to set the label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` on each created pod, which will be used as an environment variable to set the `node.attr.zone` parameter on each Elasticsearch node. This allows Elasticsearch to allocate primary and replica shards to pods running on different AZs and nodes. Finally, we set the `topologySpreadConstraints` to spread the pods across the different AZs based on the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label defined on the nodes by Kapsule. If we have three node pools, one in each AZ, and nodeset `count` of 3, we will have one pod per AZ. So in case of loss of one AZ, we will still have two pods running in the other AZs and the Elasticsearch cluster will still be available, maintaining the quorum of 2 nodes needed to elect a master node.

Reviewer 5: Same as comment above: I suggest to break this huge chunk into sub pieces, for example:
- The first one is to...
- Adding the annotation ...
- Finally, we set...

Author: ```suggestion
3. To create your multi-AZ Elasticsearch cluster, we will use the "Elasticsearch" CRD provided by the ECK operator.

Then deploy an Elasticsearch cluster using `nodeSets`, consisting of three Elasticsearch nodes, one in each AZ. These nodes will have persistent volumes to store data.

Next, configure various parameters to ensure pod distribution across AZs. 

First, start the `storageClassName` to `scw-bssd`. This choice ensures that Elasticsearch volumes are correctly created in the respective AZs.

Then add the annotation `eck.k8s.elastic.co/downward-node-labels`. This annotation instructs the operator to assign the label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` to each pod it creates. This label serves as an environment variable to set the `node.attr.zone` parameter on each Elasticsearch node. This step enables Elasticsearch to allocate primary and replica shards to pods in different AZs and nodes.

Finally, configure `topologySpreadConstraints` to distribute pods across AZs based on the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label defined on the nodes by Kapsule. For instance, if there are three node pools, each in a different AZ, and a nodeset `count` of 3, this configuration will ensure one pod per AZ. This redundancy ensures that even if one AZ experiences a failure, two pods will continue to run in the other AZs, maintaining the necessary quorum of 2 nodes needed to elect a master node and keeping the Elasticsearch cluster available.
```

@Nox-404 wdyt?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that the "Next, configure various parameters to ensure pod distribution across AZs" is useful, it doesn't seem to be a step
